Lk pd 2363 join barcodes (#1089)
broadinstitute/warp: website/docs/Pipelines/Optimus_Pipeline/README.md

| Pipeline Version | Date Updated | Documentation Author | Questions or Feedback |
| :----: | :---: | :----: | :--------------: |

> | [optimus_v6.2.0](https://github.com/broadinstitute/warp/releases?q=optimus&expanded=true) | October, 2023 | Elizabeth Kiernan | Please file GitHub issues in warp or contact [the WARP team](mailto:warp-pipelines-help@broadinstitute.org) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [optimus_v6.1.1](https://github.com/broadinstitute/warp/releases?q=optimus&expanded=true) | October, 2023 | Elizabeth Kiernan | Please file GitHub issues in warp or contact [the WARP team](mailto:warp-pipelines-help@broadinstitute.org) |
```
